Reorganizing sections in Create Mesh (#108)
AdobeDocs/graphql-mesh-gateway: src/pages/gateway/work-with-mesh.md

- `response`
- `responseTime`

> The following example includes some additional information a user can receive as part of the response. The exact response will vary depending on your source handlers, headers, and other customizations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example includes some additional information a user can receive as part of the response. The exact response varies, depending on your source handlers, headers, and other customizations.
```
